# Scientific_Large_Number_Calculator
A scientific calculator programmed in the language of C, capable of processing large values.

Integer overflow occurs when one attempts to store inside an integer variable a value that is larger than the maximum value the variable can hold. In the programming language of C, such a value arises above the integer 2147483647. However, relatively speaking, this number is rather small as often times different situations, perhaps in industry, require the use of larger integers and hence why this calculator was created. This calculator makes use of arrays in order to allow the calculation of numbers up to 500 digits in lenght. That is 10 to the power of 500 which is larger than most calculations will ever be. This is one possible way to do calculations and get around the issue of integer overflow. This calculator allows for the addition, multiplication, subtraction, exponentiation and division of integers up to 500 digits in length.

When entering values in the program in order to do the calculations, values are stored in alphabetical variables. For example, a valid input would be a=13354234324 or b=32543542 for all 26 characters of the alphabet. In order to do the calculations, simply use any of the mathematical operators including + for addition, - for subtraction, * for multiplication, / for division and ^ for exponentiation. Here are a few example of valid inputs, though there are many more a+343423432, b/2345324, a-11, b^2 or even a+b or a*b, etc. This will changed the value for the variable before the operator. For instance, for the input a=3, a+11 will change the value of a from 3 to 14. Now, to find out the value that the variable is storing, simply place a ? after variable. For instance, a? will print out the value that is stored at variable a. 
